com/segment/analytics/WebhookIntegration.java
 com.segment.analytics.WebhookIntegration
 com.segment.analytics.WebhookIntegration$1
 com.segment.analytics.WebhookIntegration$WebhookIntegrationFactory
com/segment/analytics/integrations/BasicItemPayload.java
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.BasicItemPayload
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.BasicItemPayload$Builder
com/segment/analytics/MiddlewareChainRunner.java
 com.segment.analytics.MiddlewareChainRunner
com/segment/analytics/AnalyticsActivityLifecycleCallbacks.java
 com.segment.analytics.AnalyticsActivityLifecycleCallbacks
 com.segment.analytics.AnalyticsActivityLifecycleCallbacks$1
 com.segment.analytics.AnalyticsActivityLifecycleCallbacks$AppCycleListener
 com.segment.analytics.AnalyticsActivityLifecycleCallbacks$Builder
com/segment/analytics/BooleanPreference.java
 com.segment.analytics.BooleanPreference
com/segment/analytics/internal/Private.java
 com.segment.analytics.internal.Private
com/segment/analytics/Traits.java
 com.segment.analytics.Traits
 com.segment.analytics.Traits$Address
 com.segment.analytics.Traits$Cache
com/segment/analytics/integrations/Integration.java
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.Integration
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.Integration$Factory
com/segment/analytics/integrations/ContextPayload.java
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.ContextPayload
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.ContextPayload$Builder
com/segment/analytics/ProjectSettings.java
 com.segment.analytics.ProjectSettings
 com.segment.analytics.ProjectSettings$Cache
com/segment/analytics/integrations/BasePayload.java
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.BasePayload
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.BasePayload$Builder
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.BasePayload$Channel
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.BasePayload$Type
com/segment/analytics/integrations/Logger.java
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.Logger
com/segment/analytics/Properties.java
 com.segment.analytics.Properties
 com.segment.analytics.Properties$Product
com/segment/analytics/Crypto.java
 com.segment.analytics.Crypto
 com.segment.analytics.Crypto$1
com/segment/analytics/Middleware.java
 com.segment.analytics.Middleware
 com.segment.analytics.Middleware$Callback
 com.segment.analytics.Middleware$Chain
com/segment/analytics/PrimeDataIntegration.java
 com.segment.analytics.PrimeDataIntegration
 com.segment.analytics.PrimeDataIntegration$1
 com.segment.analytics.PrimeDataIntegration$2
 com.segment.analytics.PrimeDataIntegration$3
 com.segment.analytics.PrimeDataIntegration$4
 com.segment.analytics.PrimeDataIntegration$BatchPayloadWriter
 com.segment.analytics.PrimeDataIntegration$PayloadWriter
 com.segment.analytics.PrimeDataIntegration$SegmentDispatcherHandler
com/segment/analytics/internal/Utils.java
 com.segment.analytics.internal.Utils
 com.segment.analytics.internal.Utils$AnalyticsNetworkExecutorService
 com.segment.analytics.internal.Utils$AnalyticsThread
 com.segment.analytics.internal.Utils$AnalyticsThreadFactory
 com.segment.analytics.internal.Utils$NullableConcurrentHashMap
com/segment/analytics/Options.java
 com.segment.analytics.Options
com/segment/analytics/integrations/TrackPayload.java
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.TrackPayload
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.TrackPayload$Builder
com/segment/analytics/GetAdvertisingIdTask.java
 com.segment.analytics.GetAdvertisingIdTask
com/segment/analytics/ValueMap.java
 com.segment.analytics.ValueMap
 com.segment.analytics.ValueMap$Cache
com/segment/analytics/Analytics.java
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$1
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$10
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$11
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$11$1
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$12
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$2
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$2$1
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$3
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$4
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$5
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$6
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$7
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$8
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$9
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$Builder
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$BundledIntegration
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$Callback
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$LogLevel
 com.segment.analytics.Analytics$SessionManagerInterface
com/segment/analytics/ConnectionFactory.java
 com.segment.analytics.ConnectionFactory
com/segment/analytics/internal/Iso8601Utils.java
 com.segment.analytics.internal.Iso8601Utils
com/segment/analytics/core/BuildConfig.java
 com.segment.analytics.core.BuildConfig
com/segment/analytics/PayloadQueue.java
 com.segment.analytics.PayloadQueue
 com.segment.analytics.PayloadQueue$ElementVisitor
 com.segment.analytics.PayloadQueue$MemoryQueue
 com.segment.analytics.PayloadQueue$PersistentQueue
com/segment/analytics/Client.java
 com.segment.analytics.Client
 com.segment.analytics.Client$1
 com.segment.analytics.Client$2
 com.segment.analytics.Client$Connection
 com.segment.analytics.Client$HTTPException
com/segment/analytics/ContextResponse.java
 com.segment.analytics.ContextResponse
com/segment/analytics/Cartographer.java
 com.segment.analytics.Cartographer
 com.segment.analytics.Cartographer$1
 com.segment.analytics.Cartographer$Builder
com/segment/analytics/internal/NanoDate.java
 com.segment.analytics.internal.NanoDate
 com.segment.analytics.internal.NanoDate$NanoClock
com/segment/analytics/Stats.java
 com.segment.analytics.Stats
 com.segment.analytics.Stats$StatsHandler
com/segment/analytics/integrations/AliasPayload.java
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.AliasPayload
com/segment/analytics/QueueFile.java
 com.segment.analytics.QueueFile
 com.segment.analytics.QueueFile$1
 com.segment.analytics.QueueFile$Element
 com.segment.analytics.QueueFile$ElementInputStream
com/segment/analytics/integrations/GroupPayload.java
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.GroupPayload
com/segment/analytics/integrations/ScreenPayload.java
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.ScreenPayload
com/segment/analytics/JSMiddleware.java
 com.segment.analytics.JSMiddleware
com/segment/analytics/integrations/IdentifyPayload.java
 com.segment.analytics.integrations.IdentifyPayload
com/segment/analytics/AnalyticsContext.java
 com.segment.analytics.AnalyticsContext
 com.segment.analytics.AnalyticsContext$Campaign
 com.segment.analytics.AnalyticsContext$Device
 com.segment.analytics.AnalyticsContext$Location
 com.segment.analytics.AnalyticsContext$Referrer
com/segment/analytics/StatsSnapshot.java
 com.segment.analytics.StatsSnapshot
com/segment/analytics/SessionPersistence.java
 com.segment.analytics.SessionPersistence
com/segment/analytics/IntegrationOperation.java
 com.segment.analytics.IntegrationOperation
 com.segment.analytics.IntegrationOperation$1
 com.segment.analytics.IntegrationOperation$10
 com.segment.analytics.IntegrationOperation$2
 com.segment.analytics.IntegrationOperation$3
 com.segment.analytics.IntegrationOperation$4
 com.segment.analytics.IntegrationOperation$5
 com.segment.analytics.IntegrationOperation$6
 com.segment.analytics.IntegrationOperation$7
 com.segment.analytics.IntegrationOperation$8
 com.segment.analytics.IntegrationOperation$8$1
 com.segment.analytics.IntegrationOperation$9
